7.0-PSMDB-2003-implement-caching-feature (#1121)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/usertodn-cache.md

# LDAP UserToDN cache

> To reduce the number of round trips to the LDAP server during authentication and authorization, Percona Server for MongoDB caches the results of LDAP user-to-DN mapping configured by `security.ldap.userToDNMapping` (exposed as `--ldapUserToDNMapping` at startup and `ldapUserToDNMapping` at runtime).

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/percona/psmdb-docs/pull/1121#discussion_r3172964288)

# LDAP UserToDN cache

> To reduce the number of round trips to the LDAP server during authentication and authorization, Percona Server for MongoDB caches the results of LDAP user-to-DN mapping. The mapping is configured using one of the following, depending on the context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the number of round-trip requests to the LDAP server during authentication and authorization, Percona Server for MongoDB caches the results of LDAP user-to-DN mapping. The mapping is configured using one of the following, depending on the context:
```
